fix(curriculum): describe different browser behavior (Survey Form) (#48280)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/01-responsive-web-design/responsive-web-design-projects/build-a-survey-form.md

1. Inside the form element, you are **required** to enter your email in an `input` field that has an `id` of `email`
1. If you enter an email that is not formatted correctly, you will see an HTML5 validation error
1. Inside the form, you can enter a number in an `input` field that has an `id` of `number`

> 1. If you enter non-numbers in the number input, either an HTML5 validation error will appear or you won't be able to type them (depending on your browser)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The number input should not accept non-numbers, either by preventing you from typing them or by showing an HTML5 validation error (depending on your browser).
```

Possibly clearer? Not sure.
